>> Steve Kinney: All right, so
we're going to refactor the user,
we're gonna create this user/provider
now that is going to basically take
the rest of the state management out
of the application component, right?
Eventually, we'll create
a second obstruction,
which is a traditional high
order component obstruction,
mostly to show that this isn't
the only way that you can do it.
Do I need to mix and match?
I don't know, maybe, but what I really
wanna show is that there are multiple ways
to kind of hook into Firebase and
pass it along to your components.
Well, actually, we'll do users in
two different ways, one now and
one in a little bit.
So let's start out with
making that user provider.
>> Steve Kinney: And again, this is
ultimately going to be a whole lot of copy
paste from the application,
but we're into it.
So we'll use Component,
we also want createContext,
and we’re gonna need auth and,
>> Steve Kinney: createUseProfileDocument
from that Firebase file that we have.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, and
we know that we're gonna need one
of those context objects again.
>> Steve Kinney: You can give it a default
value, our state is gonna handle that so
we don't have to, but just to demonstrate.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, and
now we make a class of UserProvider.
>> Steve Kinney: And that will have
that same statement beginning.
This is again exactly what we have
in the application component.
>> Steve Kinney: And since we
already took all of the post stuff,
the only thing stopping me from
copying and pasting too much for
the post provider before was that
all that user stuff was in there.
[LAUGH] But I got all that out, so
there's a lot more copy paste action here.
I can take pretty much all of these.
>> Steve Kinney: And I will cut it.
>> Steve Kinney: So you can see how simple
our application component is getting.
>> Steve Kinney: Let me paste all that in,
>> Steve Kinney: This will actually
be this.
>> Steve Kinney: And this is going to be
the, we also need those children, so we'll
say,
>> Steve Kinney: That'll
eventually get passed in.
So this will be that
UserContext.Provider and
the value is gonna be
in this case the user.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll
parse in the children,
>> Steve Kinney: And we’ll export default,
>> Steve Kinney: UserProvider.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
so we've got that in place,
the other thing we need to do is add it to
that index.js, just like the other one.
This can get a little ridiculous,
but theoretically you can
compose them all together and
create one if you needed to as well.
>> Steve Kinney: We will be adding
one more to the stack eventually, but
all right, so we've got those
three in place, and then for
our authentication,
>> Steve Kinney: We'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: We need to pull in
that useContext as well.
>> Steve Kinney: We don't
need this one anymore.
>> Steve Kinney: This doesn't exist.
>> Steve Kinney: Neither does this.
>> Steve Kinney: He says with great fear.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
application still works.
So if you think about how big our
application component was getting for
the purposes of hooking up to Firebase and
passing it down to components,
this is what it is now.
And could we make it a stateless
functional component?
Totally, we could.
We're not gonna do that right now, I'll
leave that as an exercise for the reader.
But,
>> Steve Kinney: And yeah,
Authentication has access to the user,
Post has access to the posts.
We're actually gonna find another way to
pass the user around as well in a little
bit, as I've foreshadowed a few
times with a higher order component.
But we can start taking out
all these Firebase state and
just wrapping it around our UI, right?
So anything that needs something from
Firebase, we can kind of pass it in and
wrap it around like this,
it doesn't become like a huge
part of our application.
It's just like hey, we kinda just don't
think about the state too much anymore,
right, and
these providers handle it, yeah?
>> Student: May be a side question,
maybe not relevant.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, into it.
>> Student: It's about using hooks
versus just using the consumer.
In your experience,
six of one half a dozen of the other,
are there good use cases for hooks?
[CROSSTALK]
>> Steve Kinney: Hooks are still in kinda
the release candidates, so
I'd wait and see how it shakes out.
Some of this is inspired by recording and
stuff along those lines.
I think its a nice API.
Right, I don't think it matters though.
>> Student: Okay, cool.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, a lot of code
bases I work on, we're not on 16.6 or
16.7 yet, right?
And so that will also inform
your choices as well, right?
At we use MobX as effectively
a poor man's Context API, right?
So we have a model.
Basically, for the things we want to
be completely divorced from the rest of
the application, props go in, they're
all internally managed with MobX and
then they spit stuff back out to Redux.
So there's a whole bunch of different
ways to do it, this is just one option.
It is not the officially blessed version,
I chose it because it was native and
I didn't have to pull in
a third party library.
And like I said, in the previous version
of this course we used Redux and
Redux func to send actions to Redux.
And it's using the real time database,
but there is
no difference from if you just hooked up
to doc changes and did the same thing.